IS-04 Interactions and APIs Documents (#24)
AMWA-TV/is-14: docs/APIs.md

# APIs

## API Specifications

The Configuration API is specified using:

* The following sub-sections describing common NMOS API properties.
* [RAML](http://raml.org/) documents and [JSON schemas](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-zyp-json-schema-04) in the [APIs](../APIs/) folder.
* Normative text in files in the [docs](../docs) directory.

Examples of JSON format output are provided in the [examples](../examples/) folder.

## API Validation

JSON schemas are included with the RAML API definitions.
These include validation for values used within the APIs.

> It is strongly recommended that implementers of a Configuration API use these JSON schemas as part of a validation stage when receiving interactions from clients.

Reviewer: Is this possible since most of the schemas make references to MS-05-02 or control feature sets register datatypes?

Author: Hmmm, yes maybe we need to qualify this.  There are schemas in IS-14 for everything up to, but not including the MS-05 datatypes. Perhaps line 18 needs to be "...use these JSON schemas and associated schemas in MS-05-02 and the NMOS Feature Sets Register..." or something to that effect?

> MS-05 datatypes referenced in the schemas are defined in the [MS-05-02 specification](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/branches/v1.0.x/models/datatypes/) and in the [NMOS Feature Sets Register](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-control-feature-sets/branches/publish-device-configuration/device-configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schemas may reference MS-05-02 datatypes defined in the [NMOS Control Framework specification](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/branches/v1.0.x/models/datatypes/) and in the [NMOS Feature Sets Register](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-control-feature-sets/branches/publish-device-configuration/device-configuration/). Note that these datatypes are not validated by the JSON schemas.
```
